Miss, sorry youth.
I choked him.
Mary, take your time.
My uncle is alive.
What do you want to do?
Can't even old master Tham die in peace?
Shut up.
Truong Huc Dong, what did you mean just now?
I guess grandpa was seriously poisoned.
So fall into a state of death armor.
Now it is necessary to remove the poison immediately.
Open heart and lung
Miss.
Zhang Xudong is an apprentice of the Center of Traditional Chinese Medicine.
Not even a license.
Can he understand?
Usually you just put these things randomly.
Wandering Doctor.
Your young lady, he is unbelievable.
Can you save my grandfather?
Helping my lady move a corpse is a big taboo.
Shut up!
If you open your mouth and shut it, grandpa can't save you.
I don't want to care about you right now
If you stop me, I will call security.